Last time on
"Yu-Gi-Oh! Zexal..."
Looking snazzy, Heartland.
You just need one
final accessory
to complete your ensemble!
Stop at nothing to seize
Yuma Tsukumo's Numbers!
I'll even give you an evil
entourage as backup!
Yuma Tsukumo!
Thanks for coming.
Heartland!
What have you done with
Tori and the others?
He didn't do a thing!
I deserve all the credit.
I was feeling
some hunger pangs,
so I feasted on your
buddies' memories.
Who are you?
I'm Erazor.
You'll have to battle me
if you want to get your
friends' memories back.
But if you lose,
I get your Numbers!
Astral trusted me to
hold onto the Numbers
and keep them safe,
and I'm not letting him down!
Way to tell'em, Yuma!
It's Trey!
What're you doing here?
I know that no one
can replace Astral,
but I'll give it my best shot.
Tray, take these.
My Number cards!
Astral trusted me to take care
of the Numbers,
which means he also trusted
that I would know what's
best for'em.
(all) Let's duel!
Now that you're dueling
on enemy ground,
Erazor's got the upper hand.
Especially since
I gave him the power
to absorb half of
your life points.
(evil laugh)
♪ ♪
♪ Still together as one,
'cause divided, we're none ♪
♪ Ready to go,
we feel the flow ♪
♪ So don't stand in our way,
you know we ain't afraid ♪
♪ This is our time,
we're in control ♪
♪ If I trip up today,
you just wipe it away ♪
♪ All of my fears are gone,
erased ♪
♪ Let us tear down the walls,
until the final night falls ♪
♪ The bonds of our souls
can't be replaced ♪
♪ Let us fight together ♪
♪ Regret it never,
our dreams will be ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ Our light comes
shining through ♪
♪ Reach down deep,
beat defeat ♪
♪ Do all that we can do ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪
♪ We've got nothing to lose ♪
♪ Keep breathing, believing ♪
♪ Halfway to forever ♪ ♪
After you lose to me,
I'm gonna feast on
your memories,
just like I did
to your friends!
And to make sure that happens
as quick as possible,
I'm changing the rules
so that I'm allowed to attack
on the first turn.
You cheat!
You can't do that unless
we agree to it!
Just watch me!
I summon Oily Cicada!
And watch it call one of its
buzzing buddies: Dream Cicada!
And all the special abilities
aren't over yet,
because Dream Cicada lets me
switch Oily Cicada
into defense mode!
And here's the slick part.
When Oily Cicada
is in defense mode,
it counts as two monsters
when I use it to Xyz Summon!
This is bad!
That's right!
I overlay both Oily Cicadas
and Dream Cicada!
With these three monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Number Three:
Cicada King!
Erazor has a Number?
Caught you both by surprise,
didn't I?
Vector gave us this Number
just for this duel
so that I could finish off
Yuma once and for all!
He'll be pleased to know
that I also used it
to get rid of you, too, Trey!
Now, Number Three,
you've been lying low
for long enough.
The time has come to rise up
and spread your wings!
But why'd he summon it
in defense mode?
I thought that bug brain was
gonna attack on this turn!
Careful. There's no telling
what he'll do.
Just be ready to swat down
whatever flies our way.
You can try, but you will fail.
It's your move.
Get set to get decked!
Hyah!
(thinking) Double or Nothing.
I used this the first time
I met Astral,
when I was battling Shark.
I remember that duel
like it was yesterday!
We teamed up together
and found a way to win.
Astral may not be floating
by my side right now,
but I'm gonna make him proud,
no matter what.
Face it, kid, without Astral
to babysit you,
you haven't got a chance.
Heartland, why don't you make
like a heart and beat it!
I've got a duel to win!
I summon Gagaga Magician!
And now that I've summoned
a Level Four monster,
I can also summon this!
Come on out of the shadows,
Kagetokage!
(thinking)
This one is for you, Astral.
I overlay my Level Four Gagaga
Magician and Kagetokage!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon Number 39:
Utopia!
(evil laugh)
It won't be around for long.
(thinking)
Hope I'm doing
the right thing.
If only Astral were here
to butt in and help.
No! I have to go
with my gut.
And my gut's telling me to
activate the spell
Reservation Reward!
If I show you a spell card
in my hand,
I can place it facedown
on my field.
So take a nice, long look
at Double or Nothing.
Why would you want that card?
Simple.
If I can manage to activate
Double or Nothing,
it'll double my Utopia's
attack points!
Not only that,
when Utopia attacks,
you still take damage even
if your Cicada King
is in defense mode.
(thinking) If this works,
the damage to Erazor
will be devastating.
Yuma may have lost Astral,
but it's clear he hasn't lost
his nerve.
He's still totally
feeling the flow.
All right.
Utopia, it's time to exterminate
that Cicada King!
But first I'll use
one Overlay Unit
to put a stop to that attack!
Go, Light Wing Shield!
I don't think so!
By using one Overlay Unit,
I activate Cicada King's
special ability to negate
Utopia's special ability!
Go, Overlay Absorption!
No way!
Now Utopia's got to
continue its attack!
But that's not
the worst of it!
Cicada King's special ability
boosts its defense points
by 500!
Your strategy backfired.
Utopia's in a world of hurt!
You okay?
Yeah, that was no big deal.
I hardly felt anything!
That bug's all buzz
and no bite!
We got this!
Nice work, Yuma.
You just wasted
500 life points.
The poor sap doesn't
have a clue what he's doing!
He was nothing but
a puppet all along.
Now that Astral isn't around
to pull his strings,
the kid is completely lost.
Keep quiet, Heartland!
It's my draw!
I'll start off by summoning
Chronomaly Moai Carrier!
And that lets me bring out
the perfect wingman
for my Carrier,
Chronomaly Winged Sphinx!
Since there's already
two numbers on the field,
I may as well make it three.
I overlay my Level Five
Chronomaly Moai Carrier
and Chronomaly Wings Sphinx!
With these two monsters,
I build the Overlay Network!
I Xyz Summon the megalopolis
of monsters,
Number 33: Chronomaly
Machu Mech!
This duel is ours.
All right!
We've got him out-Numbered!
I'm not impressed.
That Number's too weak
to hurt a fly,
much less my Cicada King!
Not for long!
Huh?
I'm activating the spell card
Chronomaly Pyramid Eye Tablet!
Uhh!
It powers up my Chronomaly
Machu Mech by 800 points!
Machu Mech, unleash your
special ability!
Anytime the attack points
of a monster change,
Machu Mech can use
an Overlay Unit
and deal out damage equal
to the point change.
Brace yourself to get blasted.
Hey, wait, Trey.
Don't forget his monster
can...
Too late!
Once again, you've managed to
make my Number even stronger!
Cicada King uses
an Overlay Unit
to activate its special
ability!
It not only gains another
500 defense points,
but it also negates Machu Mech's
special ability!
The harder you go after
my Number,
the more invincible it grows.
We've dug ourselves
into a hole,
and it just keeps
getting deeper!
You're forgetting about
the spell card
you left on the field.
That can help us
turn this duel around.
Huh?
I activate Reservation
Reward's effect!
It lets me place my spell
Heart of Stone facedown!
Machu Mech, zap that
Cicada King!
You're attacking?
That makes no sense!
You'll only hurt yourself!
Trey, no!
You knew that attack
wouldn't work!
So why did you do it?
Because the effect of
Reservation Reward
lets me activate the spell
Heart of Stone!
Since Cicada King wasn't
destroyed,
Heart of Stone lets Machu Mech
attack again.
But this time, Erazor, it's
attacking with more fury,
because Reservation Reward
doubles Machu Mech's
attack points!
You played all those
cards perfectly.
I'm sorry I ever
doubted you, Trey.
Machu Mech, what do you say
we try this again?!
Exterminate that Cicada King
with Meteor Meltdown!
(rumbling)
Ha! I play the trap
Cicada Illusion!
Your meteor is crushing a mirage
instead of my monster!
It's safe?
You may have managed to save
your Cicada King,
but your life points are
a different story!
Erazor!
Awesome!
You thought we were weak,
but together, Yuma and I
can't be beat!
With the battle over,
Machu Mech's attack points
return to normal.
You losers better enjoy
your luck,
'cause it's about to change
for the worse!
If you're trying
to intimidate us,
it won't work.
Doesn't matter!
The fact is you and
your pal Yuma
just bought a one-way ticket
to the disaster zone!
I switch Cicada King
to attack mode!
Get ready to strike
at my command!
And here's some extra buzz.
Thanks to Cicada Illusion,
my monster's defense points
are added to its attack points,
giving my Cicada King a
3,500-point bug bonus.
(evil laugh)
I'll grind both of you
into dust,
starting with the weakest link
first!
I've got your Number in my
sights, Yuma Tsukumo!
Cicada King, finish this!
What a mismatch!
Utopia's about to be
destroyed!
And so are you!
Ha ha!
Cicada King, finish this!
What a mismatch!
Utopia's about
to be destroyed!
And so are you!
Ha ha!
Don't think so, Heartland!
I play a trap!
Orichalcum Mirage!
Now Cicada King's attack
gets re-directed,
so my Machu Mech takes
the hit instead!
Aah!
Trey, no!
That meddling malcontent
saved Yuma!
Trey!
Thanks for taking the hit
and saving me.
No need to say thanks, Yuma.
But your life points
are down to 200.
I came here to protect you,
and that's what I intend
to keep on doing
to my very last point.
Thank you.
(evil laugh)
You think you've saved Yuma?
But all you've done is guarantee
that you'll both be doomed!
What?
Just watch and see!
I activate the trap
Final Cicada!
All I have to do is send this
card to the graveyard
on my next turn.
Then the 1,500 points
of damage you just took
will return to strike you
all over again!
You two thought you could
beat me.
Who's the bug brain now?!
You can go ahead
and take your last turns!
Or you can just give up!
No, never!
I draw!
(groans)
(thinking)
There must be a way to turn
this duel around
with the cards I have!
Come on! Think!
It doesn't matter what move
you make, Yuma!
I have an itty-bitty trap
called Cicada Force
waiting for you.
The second you attack me,
Cicada Force will activate,
forming a barrier that destroys
all your monsters!
(thinking)
I can't see a way out.
Maybe it is over.
Yuma.
Huh?
We believe in you, Yuma.
Don't give up.
You can still win.
Go for it.
They're talking?
Impossible!
You slurped up their memories!
Their brains should be
vacationing in Zeroland!
What happened?
Don't you guys get it?
Yuma and his friends
are tougher than you think!
You're about to find
that out the hard way.
(thinking) Trey's right.
We are strong enough
to stand up to Erazor...
even without Astral's help.
Erazor, this duel's
doing a 180!
Get set.
We're about to high five
the sky.
Oh!
I'm activating the spell
Release, Reverse, Burst!
Now by sending an Xyz Monster
to the graveyard,
your facedown spells and traps
are all destroyed!
Oh!
So I send my Number
to the graveyard!
I'm sorry to lose you, Utopia!
You've only postponed
your fate.
The instant my next turn
begins, this duel ends!
Thing is we're still
on my turn,
and I'm summoning
Gillagillancer
directly to Trey's field!
For the gift that
I gave to Trey,
he's gonna have to pay me back
by giving me 500 of his life
points at the end of his turn.
Your teammate only has
200 life points left?
You're willing to sell him out
to preserve yourself?
I like it!
Your teammate only has
200 life points left?
You're willing to sell him out
to preserve yourself?
I like it!
It's your turn, Trey.
You betrayed your friend!
Now he'll turn against you in
a desperate attempt to survive!
I won't!
That isn't how friendship
works, Erazor!
Yuma and I are
in this together,
and I'll prove that
to you now!
Here I go!
Hyah!
(thinking)
Yuma just put a card
facedown.
I think I know
what he has in mind.
I'll begin my turn
by activating the spell
Orichalcum Chain!
And guess what that
lets me do, Erazor.
I can Xyz Summon
using one monster.
And thanks to Yuma,
I have the monster I need.
That's what I call teamwork.
Yeah!
Gillagillancer, let's do this!
Thanks to Orichalcum Chain,
I can overlay this one Monster
to build the Overlay Network
and Xyz Summon!
Step forward, Number Six.
Chronomaly Atlantis!
And now that I've summoned
Atlantis,
it can equip a Number
in the graveyard
and power up by gaining all
of its attack points!
I thought Yuma was trying
to save himself,
but I had it all wrong!
He sent Number 39 to
the graveyard to help Trey,
so that he could gain
Utopia's points!
(Trey)
Talk about awesome teamwork.
Now we have the power of two
Numbers packed into one.
There's more!
My spell Pyramid Eye Tablet
gives Atlantis an 800 point
power up!
Not bad, but not good enough
to defeat me this turn!
So that means when I'm up,
you're your both going down
once and for all!
Don't think so, Erazor.
Atlantis, attack Cicada King!
Do it, Yuma!
I activate a trap card!
Overlay Stopper!
It puts a stop
to Trey's attack!
Why stop your own
teammate's attack?
Because it lets us play this...
Double or Nothing!
Now Atlantis can attack again
but with twice
the attack points!
And then I'll follow up Yuma
by activating
Reservation Reward!
Atlantis' attack points
get doubled again!
This can't be!
There must be some mistake!
The only mistake
is the one you made
when you challenged us.
Atlantis, it's time to
de-throne that Cicada King!
(Yuma) Vaporize that bug!
Aah!
No! Erazor!
I won't forget this, Yuma!
Huh?
What's going on?
I can't remember.
Me either.
Didn't we come here
to solve a mystery?
Yuma!
What's up, guys?
When did you get here?
I didn't expect
to see you.
Oh, Yuma!
You guys are amazing!
You cheered me on even when you
were all unconscious.
You guys totally rock!
You, too, Trey.
I got this, thanks to you,
and I want you
to hold on to it.
Are you sure?
This is a Number card.
Take it as a sign
of our friendship
and of my trust in you.
Thanks, Yuma.
I'll take good care of it,
and that's a promise.
(thinking) Astral,
I wish you could've seen
my duel today.
I was so broken up
that you were gone,
I almost gave up on everything.
But now I see that with
my friends beside me,
anything is possible.
Still, I miss you.
♪ ♪